Adastra toolchain: install the Kokkos ecosystem with Spack (#390)
gyselax/gyselalibxx: CHANGELOG.md

- Allow `get_idx_range` to be called from a GPU execution space.
- Uniformise toolchains.
- Allow batch CSR convergence parameters to be specified in the constructor of `PolarSplineFEMPoissonLikeSolver`.

> - Adastra toolchain installs with Spack the Kokkos ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Spack to install the Kokkos ecosystem in the Adastra toolchain.
```
